Xonsh is a Python-powered, cross-platform, Unix-gazing shell language and command prompt. (#212)
herrbischoff/awesome-macos-command-line: README.md

  Fish Shell with Fisherman, Powerline Fonts, iTerm2 and Budspencer Theme on OS 
  X. 

#### xonsh

> Install the latest version using Brew ([other methods](https://xon.sh/packages.html)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the latest version using Homebrew (or [other methods](https://xon.sh/packages.html)):
```
